Credential options for OGR vector and GDAL raster (#9315)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/opening_data.rst

  * ``HTTP/HTTPS/FTP``, with a :guilabel:`URI` and, if required,
    an :ref:`authentication <authentication_index>`.
  * Cloud storage such as ``AWS S3``, ``Google Cloud Storage``, ``Microsoft
    Azure Blob``, ``Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage``, ``Alibaba OSS Cloud``, and

>     ``Open Stack Swift Storage`` supports direct control over VSI :guilabel:`Credential Options`
>     when adding OGR vector or GDAL raster layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``Open Stack Swift Storage``.
```
I'm not convinced that "credential options" is the first entry here. These are information you add after the bucket and key.

    You need to fill in the :guilabel:`Bucket or container` and the
    :guilabel:`Object key`.

>     When credential options are found in a layer's URI, QGIS uses GDAL's `VSISetPathSpecificOption`
>     to set the credential option for that specific VSI driver and bucket.

Reviewer: I don't think we nned to mention which GDAL tool we use. QGIS relies on so many tools from GDAL.
```suggestion

    When adding OGR vector or GDAL raster layers from the cloud based protocols,
    you can also set additional :guilabel:`Credential options` for that specific driver and bucket.
    When credential options are found in a layer's URI, they will also be automatically set.
```
